website/docs: fix small typos (#15403)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/developer-docs/setup/frontend-dev-environment.md

    By creating this file in the root of the repository, Docker will automatically mount the web files generated by the build process. The `local.env.yml` mount is optional, but allows you to override the default configuration.

> 4. From the cloned repository root, install the frontend dependencies using NPM.

Reviewer: Let's leave it with the hyphen used as an adjective.

> 4. From the cloned repository root, install the frontend dependencies using NPM.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. From the cloned repository root, install the front-end dependencies using NPM.
```

    ```shell
    cd web
    npm ci
    ```

> 5. From the cloned repository root, run the frontend build script.

Reviewer: With the hyphen, please.

    npm ci
    ```

> 5. From the cloned repository root, run the frontend build script.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. From the cloned repository root, run the front-end build script.
```
